- [Instructor] Now let's get started building
our reactive web front end with Angular.
We will be using the Angular CLI.
The Angular CLI let's you stand up a full Angular app
with the correct directory structure with a single command.
Let's check out cli.angular.io.
This is a intermediate level course, so we expect
that you have npm already installed.
You can install the Angular CLI by using
the command npm install slaash g for global,
then the package name at Angluar/cli.
Now let's navigate the root project directory.
Let's use the commands LS and PWD to print the current
working directory to verify we are in the right place.
Now, let's run the command ng new reservation-app.
Let's type in y for yes for Angular routing
and we are going to use just basic CSS
without a CSS pre-processor in this case.
While that is building, you can check out
angular.io/cli/new to check out the Angular documentation.
This generator will create our application files,
download dependencies and set us up
with a working app right off the shelf.
Our app has been generated.
Let's use the command LS to take a look at our directory
and we can see that our application has been created.
Depending on your version of npm and other factors
you may see some security warnings.
Before you go to production, you definitely want
to take a look at any security vulnerabilities you have.
You could use the command npm audit fix
to automatically fix them.
Now let's open up IntelliJ.
We will be using IntelliJ to work with our Angular code.
Some developers prefer visual studio code.
It's up to you which IDE you want to use.
Let's right click on the root directory
and then scroll down to synchronize.
This will refresh our project window.
Let's open up the reservation app.
We can see several configuration files
in the root directory and if we open up the SRC folder
then open up app, this is where our code will actually live.
We have a type script component,
a type script module, a spec unit test
and then our html and CSS.
Let's head back to a terminal and let's CD
into the reservation app directory.
Now let's try running the app.
Execute the command ng serve to start up your web app.
Let's give it a moment to start up
and then let's open up a browser
and navigate to localhost at port 4200.
Great, so our app started up correctly.
That's it, now we have a running Angular app.